Security and authentication as a component.

We have an application which is to be protected by security component. The installation of security component
should be such a seemless process as to put certain files in some directories. It may be possible by osgi
framework.


Template.

We may choose various templating agent. It should be highly configurable. Anyone is free to write in any language
they prefer. It could be possible by spring framework MCV model.

Url rewriting framework.


Creating different kind of product.

Here user should be able to build different kind of product and they will be able to package them in however
form they wish.

For example,
Suppose we have already a set of e-commerce product's definitions available. Now i want a new kind of product
definition say bedsheet. I should be able to define a bedsheet's attribute e.g color, size, type etc. Once i
have created this definition, in the create new view i should be able to see that product and form will be
presented with all the attributes which was declared earlier.

While working in toi, we have a unique feature desired for the food and recipes software. In that software, the
unit of a particular things was not unique. For example, milk could be measured as litre(give me one litre
of milk), cup(you need to pour one cup of milk), glass (a glass of milk). So the requirement was that milk
is given in different measurement unit and we need to unify them. Let us now discuss how do we able to achieve
this task by using the cms.

One thing that comes out in mind is we need to define different measurement units and their conversion factor
in some base unit. Now a unit could be applicable for one kind of product but it could not be applicable for
other kind of product. For example, litre is applicable for liquid but not for solid.

Type of measurements could be
kilogram (and its variant like miligram etc ..), pound, etc ..
litre (..variant)
length ( .. this is also different in different countries, )
and then we also could have casual measurement .. one teaspoon, one spoon one cup etc..

So each kind of recipe (or anything that we want to be measurable ) we need to define applicable measurement
units.

Above requirement could be achieved because it static thing, we want to associate applicable measurement
so we simply declare a field applicable measurement and put these measurement units in that field.

The main problem that we need to solve is .. how do we able to unify measurements? This is typically a
 new business requirement. So we should be able to solve it as neatly as possible. (Without changing
 any existing classes or something..)


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Product definition.
 - name of product.
 - description.
 - its attributes.
 - Its parent's product definition.

Create a new product ..
 - Choose product definition
 - Present a form that will be filled and we
 have product in that definition.



------------------------------------------------------
Keyword support.




